Update README.md (#315)
eigerco/lumina: README.md

# Lumina

Rust implementation of Celestia's [data availability node](https://github.com/celestiaorg/celestia-node) able to run natively and in browser-based environments. 

Run Lumina now at [lumina.rs](https://lumina.rs/) and directly verify Celestia.

Supported features:
- Backward and forward synchronization of block headers within syncing window
- Header exchange (`header-ex`) client and server
- Listening for, verifying and redistributing extended headers on gossip protocol (`header-sub`)
- Listening for, verifying and redistributing fraud proofs on gossip protocol (`fraud-sub`)
- Backward and forward Data Availability Sampling
- Native and browser persistent storage
- Streaming events happening on the node
- Native and wasm library, embed the node anywhere
- Integration tests with Go implementation

> [!NOTE]
> Lumina implements [`shwap`](https://github.com/celestiaorg/CIPs/blob/main/cips/cip-19.md) protocol to perform DASing,

> which is not yet enabled on all networks in the Go implementation. This means that even tho Lumina will be sampling all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which is not yet enabled on all networks in the Go implementation. This means that even though Lumina will be sampling all
```

Touch too informal for my tastes, unless we're going for that vibe.

> blocks, the network is unlikely to provide requested data yet. Shwap is going to become the main DASing protocol in next
> celestia-node updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
blocks, the network is unlikely to provide the requested data yet. Shwap is going to become the main DASing protocol in 
the upcoming celestia-node versions.
```
Trying to strike a balance between being non-commital and it sounding good. wdyt?
